Document connect and sign (#998)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/how-to/connect/set-up-sdk/javascript/react/index.md

};
```

> You can also [use the `connectAndSign` method](../../../../sign-data/connect-and-sign.md) to
> initiate a connection and request to sign data in a single interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also [use the `connectAndSign` method](../../../../sign-data/connect-and-sign.md) to
connect to MetaMask and sign data in a single interaction.
```
